[Docs]Addition of Usage steps in README (#40)
kubesimplify/ksctl: USAGE.md

# Installation

Please refer to the [installation instructions](README.md#setup-cli-local) for installing ksctl

# Usage

> After you have built ksctl locally, you can use the following steps to set it up. We will use connect to a Civo account for this example, but the steps will remain the same for any cloud provider.

Reviewer: This para looks bit confusing to me can you reframe it

- [Register your cloud credentials](#register-credentials)
- [Creating a cluster](#create-a-cluster)
- [Saving the Kubeconfig file](#saving-the-kubeconfig)
- [Switching between clusters](#switching-between-multiple-clusters)
- [Deleting Cluster](#deleteing-your-cluster)
- [Creating a High Avaliability cluster](#creating-a-ha-cluster)

#### Register Credentials

- From your Civo dashboard, under profile > Security tab, copy your API key
![](https://i.imgur.com/jexwOeu.png)
- Open a terminal and type in `ksctl cred`
 ![](https://i.imgur.com/fIWyqlH.png)
 - Select the cloud provider you wish to register. In this case, we are using Civo, so we will type `3` and enter.
 - Paste your API key when prompted and hit enter.

> Now, ksctl is connected to your civo account. We can now move ahead and create a cluster.

Reviewer: Should we also add after adding api key what happens behind the scene what is fike structure created?

Reason: for a new contributor we should add content that explains some behind the scene(maybe in docs)

Reviewer 2: As it's a usage guide we should not mentions the implementation details
Instead we can add stuff in docs folder so if later project grow we can build some website out of it

#### Create a Cluster

> - After connection to your cloud account, you can use `ksctl create [cloud-provider-name]` to create a cluster. This will have some options specific to the cloud provider. Below, we'll take a look at how you can create clusters in civo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After adding your cloud cred to ksctl, you can use `ksctl create [cloud-provider-name]` to create a cluster. This will have some options specific to the cloud provider. Below, we'll take a look at how you can create clusters in civo.
```

just a suggestion. Also should we add some imp flags with description.

Reason: flags(naming) are bit confusing for now, we need an issue for that @dipankardas011

> > Note: Please ensure that you have added a credit card to your cloud provider. Without it, you might not be able to create clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Please ensure that you have sufficient credits available to your cloud account. 
```

- Apart from using the `ksctl create civo` command, we will also need to insert some flags. Some flags which will be common across every provider are `Cluster name`, `Node size`, `Region`, and `Number of nodes`.

> 

Reviewer: If below this we are keeping example then we should keep it under an example heading 

If you can add a gif(fast forward) that would be great

Reviewer: I am not sure about it but maybe you can record video and use some online tools to do so

Author: Hey @AvineshTripathi I recorded a video, but I'm not able to embed it into markdown. Should I upload it to YouTube as unlisted and then embed it?

Reviewer: @dipankardas011 what do you think about this should we upload to drive or yt or something more convenient and appropriate

- We will create a medium-sized cluster, named `demo-cluster`, and we will pre-install ArgoCD from the civo marketplace.
`ksctl create-cluster civo --name demo --nodeSize g4s.kube.medium --nodes 3 --region LON1 --apps argo-cd`

- After you create your cluster, you will get a prompt asking if you want to PRINT your kubeconfig.

> Note: It will only print the kubeconfig, not save it to your local `.kube` folder.

![](https://i.imgur.com/vJunAfl.png)

#### Saving the Kubeconfig

- As of right now, ksctl cannot save the kubeconfig file to your local system. We do have a workaround for this. In the above step, type `y` when asked if you want to print your kubeconfig.
- Copy the contents of the printed kubeconfig.

> - Navigate to your `.kube` directory, create a new file named `config` if you don't have it already, and paste the contents of the kubeconfig in this file.

Reviewer: Isn't file gets created automatically we just need to export the path

Author: nope. When I tried it, it only printed the kubeconfig. the file wasn't created anywhere. Had to manually create the file

Reviewer: @dipankardas011 I thought the file gets created can you confirm

Reviewer 2: @siddhant-khisty you understood it wrong
It gives user option if they want to print the kubeconfig if they want it's print else the export command For kubeconfig is shown
Kubeconfig file is all there printer interface is just for printing purposes

Author: oh. got it. I'll update it

- If you did this correctly, you should be able to access your cluster using `kubectl` now.

If we now check the civo dashboard, we should be able to see our `demo-cluster`

![](https://i.imgur.com/tDJma3C.png)

#### Deleteing your cluster

> Let's say you are done with Kubernetes and have finished your work and now you want to delete the cluster. You can do this relatively easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete your cluster
```

>  We can use `ksctl delete [provider-name] --name [cluster-name] -r [region]`. For example, if we want to delete our `demo-cluster` we can do it easily by using the command `ksctl delete civo --name demo-cluster -r LON1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We can use `ksctl delete [provider-name] --name [cluster-name] -r [region]`.
 
For example, if we want to delete our `demo-cluster`  use `ksctl delete civo --name demo-cluster -r LON1`.
```

- [Register your cloud credentials](#register-credentials)
- [Creating a cluster](#create-a-cluster)
- [Saving the Kubeconfig file](#saving-the-kubeconfig)
- [Switching between clusters](#switching-between-multiple-clusters)
- [Deleting Cluster](#deleteing-your-cluster)
- [Creating a High Avaliability cluster](#creating-a-ha-cluster)

#### Register Credentials

- From your Civo dashboard, under profile > Security tab, copy your API key
![](https://i.imgur.com/jexwOeu.png)
- Open a terminal and type in `ksctl cred`
 ![](https://i.imgur.com/fIWyqlH.png)
 - Select the cloud provider you wish to register. In this case, we are using Civo, so we will type `3` and enter.
 - Paste your API key when prompted and hit enter.

Now, ksctl is connected to your civo account. We can now move ahead and create a cluster.

#### Create a Cluster

- After adding your cloud cred to ksctl, you can use `ksctl create [cloud-provider-name]` to create a cluster. This will have some options specific to the cloud provider. Below, we'll take a look at how you can create clusters in civo.

> > Note: Please ensure that you have sufficient credits available to your cloud account. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Please ensure that you have sufficient credits available of your cloud account. 
```
